---
layout: post
title:  "First Reading Reflection"
date:   2022-09-21"
categories: jekyll update
---
# Readings on Humanities and Digital Humanities
After reading 3 academic articles on the Humanities, Digital Humanities, and their significance in our world, I feel relieved and excited to explore the widended opportunities avaliable combining the Humanities' interdisplinary perspectives and the utility of technology. In "The Humanities" by Willem Drees, the author attempts to define the humanities fields by boiling them down to their essences. Through that, Drees also provides numerous other definitions of the humanities came up by his colleagues in the fields, which is an example of the diversity of thoughts within the field of humanities. 

/nWith Drees' foundation explanation in the humanities, my faith in the field I'm currently studying in --History and Classics--is even more solidified. Of course I've faced doubts from other people regarding my academic interests and the future of traditional humanities: having the reputation of being inaccessible and elitist. These doubts have worried me before due to my own identity within the field, and my identity's differences to the "stereotypical" ideal of a humanities scholar. But with the growing and developing field of Digital Humanities, I believe in the combined power of both fields to include more diversity and accessibility for both the scholars and general public who might use these tools. It is my hope to make the stereotypically inaccessible materials in History and Classics open to use and interpret for the general public who maybe don't have previous experiences in them. 
/nWith these helpful tools of the modern age, I hope the urge for us to understand each other and the world we exist in will not only conitnue to live on but also thrive as technology advances. It is also a big goal of mine to build or maintain digital records of materials and sources so they don't get lost in time, and are still accessible to people in the future. 